One Pace Premium
Keep the project alive: ko-fi.com/not6ip
Parallels
Captain Smoker! Terrible news!
A message from headquarters!
Monkey D. Luffy and his crew
are headed here, to Loguetown!
He just earned a 30-million-belly
bounty in the East Blue!
A 30-million bounty...
Congratulations are in order.
He's so villainous that he even took out
Don Krieg and the fishman Arlong!
Quiet!
Your damn shouting
made it all fall apart.
I'm sorry, sir!
It's no good to let
things stress you out.
I think it's best to do things
at your own pace.
Don't you agree?
Y-Yes, sir!
So, what is this about?
Right! It's about a group of pirates!
It's been reported that they may
show up in town today... Yes!
Why so stressed?
Has a single pirate been able
to escape this town...
since I took command?
N-No, sir...
Then calm the hell down.
Captain "White Hound" Smoker
Marine Headquarters
You're gonna screw up my pace.
Yes, sir...
Reporting, sir! We have word that
pirates have arrived at the port!
Please head there immediately!
It must be Luffy's crew!
They've set foot in town!
Thirty million, huh...? I hope
he at least puts up a fight.
Sir?
Just talking to myself. Forget it.
Don't you wanna look at this?!
"Justice"
Captain! Please give
each unit their orders!
No need.
But he might end up
being pretty strong!
Never mind that. Where's Tashigi?
Y-Yes. She mentioned
she'd be busy this morning,
but that she'd attend the training drills.
That clumsy girl.
Where'd she run off to?
Yay! A triple-scoop ice cream!
Slow it down!
You'll drop them if you run!
C-Captain Smoker!
M-My ice cream...
I-I'm very sorry about my daughter!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Sorry 'bout that.
My pants ate your ice cream.
Here, buy yourself five scoops.
Let's go.
Yes, sir!
Th-Thank you!
Thanks!
Loot everything! Don't leave
a single potato behind!
I, future Pirate King Gally the Crescent, will
need these food supplies on my voyage!
Hand it all over thankfully!
Hey.
Who's in charge here?
What do you want?
So you're Monkey D. Luffy?
I want to test you to see if you're
worthy of setting foot in my town.
What a ripe load of crap!
Get 'im!
Captain Smoker?
Yeah. He's one of the toughest
guys from Marine Headquarters.
This town used to be a hangout
for pirates headed for the Grand Line.
But ever since he took command,
every pirate who's come to town
has wound up behind bars.
His strength is extraordinary.
He's a monster.
They even say he has
devil fruit powers...
Devil fruit powers?!
Incredible, Captain! You captured
Luffy's crew in no time flat!
Are your eyes just for decoration?
This guy obviously isn't Luffy.
What?
The world would end before
this guy is worth 30 million.
Th-Then, where is Luffy?
He'll show up soon enough
The fun's just getting started.
Huh?
And now I'm at the harbor.
How did I get here?
Hey!
Is he one of these guys?
I'm not sure. Probably not...
Perfect timing! Do you know how
to get to the execution platform?
Execution platform...?
I got lost on my way to it...
I've never seen you
around here before.
Yeah! I just arrived on this island!
This town sure is huge! It's way
different from Windmill Village!
So why the execution platform?
I wanna see the place where
the King of the Pirates died!
So you don't know where? Well...
Wait. Follow the smoke.
Oh! That way?! Thanks!
This sucks.
I thought I was headed to the execution
platform, but this can't be the place.
Oh, well. I'll get there sooner or later.
Is it this way?
Let's see...
Gold... Roger?
Do you work here, old guy?
It said "Gold Roger"
on the sign outside.
Is that this place's name?
Scram.
This ain't a place for a runt like you.
Besides, we're closing for good today.
You're going under?
We're not going under!
I'm shutting it down myself!
Now get lost!
I was just curious about the name.
I'm a little lost.
I'm trying to get to
the execution platform...
Can you tell me how to get there?
What's that on the table?
A skull?! It's huge!
This is what became of a guy
who folks called Killer Giant.
He's a fiend who sent hundreds
of pirates to the afterlife.
But Gold Roger sent him to
the afterlife with just one blow.
Gold Roger did?!
With lightning-like speed!
This is the wound he received!
The man may have lived horribly,
but with his dying breath, he muttered,
"Roger... My hat's off to you...
May you be eternally
honored among pirates."
Awesome! That's so cool!
When I heard he had conquered
the Grand Line a little later,
Happiness overcame my surprise,
and my excitement belied my age!
And then, twenty-two years ago today,
Roger died on the execution platform.
And since that day, every cocky upstart
has tossed their hat into the pirate ring.
It was the beginning
of the Great Pirate Era!
But look what's happened!
This town's full of nothing
but cowards and scum now!
Men crazy enough to challenge
that evil sea are all but gone now!
That's why this bar is
closing down for good today.
I'm going to the Grand Line, too!
Huh?!
Gold Roger's so cool...
He's how a pirate should be!
That's why I set out to sea.
I'm gonna go to the Grand Line,
get the One Piece,
and become King of the Pirates!
Those're some mighty big words!
And in this bar, of all places!
I only said what I meant.
Kiddo!
If there're still patrons like you out there,
maybe I'll hold off on closing this place!
How should I know if there are?!
Good point! Of course
you wouldn't know!
I haven't been in this good
a mood since back then...!
I'll treat you to a drink!
I don't drink alcohol.
Sure! I have just the thing!
Let's have a toast!
To the eternal King of the Pirates!
Amazing! That's
an elephant bluefin tuna!
That's right! It probably got
mixed in from the southern ocean.
I caught it with a pole and line!
A pole and line?!
An elephant bluefin tuna...
Okay, then, haul it away.
– Okay!
H-Hold on a second!
Hm?
How much is it?! Let me buy it!
I bought a lot, a heck of a lot!
Now my preparations to be a brave
warrior of the sea are complete!
All I've got left is...
Oh, yeah! I forgot the most
important thing. Goggles.
The best goggles for the best marksman!
Does it get anymore basic than that?!
Sparing no expense on
the best goggles around
is the very essence of
being the best marksman!
Goggles! Goggles!
These ones! These goggles!
They're just perfect!
Ma'am!
You've got a good eye! They're
the latest model from the North Blue!
I got 'em from an import vessel that
only leaves the Marines once a year!
What's the matter? No money?
I only deal in cash,
so what's it gonna be?
N-No, it's... Oh!
Right! My backpack...
I'll take these goggles, please!
My! What a cute little girl!
Yes, yes, yes, yes! You're in luck!
This is the only pair in town!
Hold it right there!
I saw them first, so–
Huh?
Hm?
Butt out, old man!
O...?!
Old man?
Stop! Stop right there, you!
Listen! First things first!
There's no way I'm an old man!
I'm more like a big brother. Got it?
Huh?! What're you
talking about, old man?!
Dammit, you said it again!
Just gimme those goggles already!
Huh?!
You got a problem?! Huh?!
Keep up yer damn complainin'
and I'll call the Marines!
M-Marines?
Yep! I'm friends with
a Marine captain in this town!
The old smoky man!
Wh-Who is this girl?
Don't you know who I am?!
I'm the great Captain Usopp!
I destroyed Arlong's Fishman Pirates!
It was a dire battle! The fishmen had
me surrounded 200—no, 300 to 1!
All alone, I punched, threw, stomped,
kicked, and tore them all up!
Thanks to that, I now have
a 30-million-belly bounty on my head!
I see. 30 million...
Yep! That's right!
Papa!
Papa?! Now you're calling me Pa–
Ah!
Here's a present for you, Papa!
Happy birthday!
Oh, Carol...
What a considerate little angel
you are! I love you, Carol!
And I love you, Papa!
Wh-What's with this family?
But listen! That asshole old man there
is trying to swipe your present!
Now, now! "Asshole" is a bad word.
You should mind your manners, okay?
You wouldn't happen to be picking on
my adorable Carol, would you?
P-P-Picking on...?
That's not all!
Huh?
You have a bounty of
30 million belly, I hear?
Let's see here...
Are those the new wanted posters?
Yeah, I got 'em from
the outpost just now...
Six hundred thousand...
One million three hundred thousand...
Seven hundred thousand... Huh?
Thirty million... Straw Hat Luffy?
For a starting bounty to be this high...
Hold it, boy.
Y-Y-Yes?!
No, you see, sir,
I'm obviously not the person
on that poster! I was just lying!
My silly little prank was
a great success! Well, bye!
That's you, isn't it?
Th-Th-That's right!
It sure is! That's me, all right!
But know this!
If you lay a hand on me,
my captain Luffy won't stand for it!
He's an evil, cold-blooded,
devilish man!
No one's ever crossed him
and lived to tell the tale.
You've got a kid, so you really
ought to value your life more...
I see. It doesn't sound worth it.
A bounty of 30 million makes it clear
this Luffy fellow is no ordinary man.
Papa! You're obviously way stronger!
You're the strongest in the world!
Carol, it's all right.
As long as I earn enough
to provide for us, I'm happy.
You're far more important to me
than being the world's greatest!
Papa...
He's actually backing off
after I said all that!
Alright! In that case...!
So you realize how terrifying I am?!
Take my advice! Just hand
those goggles over to me!
Huh?!
Don't worry! I'll pay for 'em!
So just give 'em here!
Why the hell would you say that
when he was about to let you–
Papa?
Then let's do this.
I assume you have no problem
with us settling this in a fair fight?
A fight...?
Here!
A fight...?! Y-You're not
talking about a duel, are you?!
If you win, the goggles are yours.
One, two, three, four,
five, six... thirty pistols?!
D-Don't tell me you're...
Daddy the Father?!
A duel!
There's gonna be a duel!
It's a duel with Daddy the Father!
Did he say Daddy the Father?
Daddy the Father is the greatest
gunslinger bounty hunter!
Everyone in the East Blue knows that!
So what kind of idiot would
challenge him to a duel?!
Oh, that kind.
Good luck, long nose!
Don't worry if he beats you!
We've already dug your grave!
H-How did things turn out like this?
What's wrong with me?!
The rules are simple. We both
walk ten paces and then shoot.
Y-Yeah...
What are you doing?!
Nami!
Facing Daddy the Father in
a duel... Have you lost your mind?!
Sh-Shut up! It just kinda happened,
so shut up and watch!
You get one shot. Are you ready?
Yeah.
Yeah...
One!
Two!
Three!
Four!
Five!
This is bad... Really bad...
There's no way I can possibly
beat Daddy the Father...
Six!
Am I going to die here?!
This can't be happening!
Seven!
I just started my adventure!
I haven't even gained any courage
or manliness or anything yet!
Eight!
Later!
Papa!
You're amazing, Papa! You're so cool!
Man, how pathetic.
What a lame duel.
I thought he'd have more guts
than that. What a disappointment.
Who do you think
you are, trying to cheat?!
You cowardly weakling!
Can't you at least fight honestly?!
I-I'm sorry! Forgive me!
I'm just a lowly, pathetic man!
You'd get nothing out of
killing someone like me!
Right?! Right?!
Can't you just let me go?
W-Wait!
Nami!
R-Right! If it's money
you want, she has plenty!
Just please don't shoot me!
Please spare my life!
Hold on, now!
Now you're groveling behind a woman?
Anyway–
No! Forget what I just said!
She's an innocent bystander!
I can't drag her into this,
even if it means I get shot!
Usopp...
Please! I beg you!
"Usopp..."
Kid, your name is Usopp?
Yeah.
It couldn't be...
Do you know a man named
Yasopp of the Red Hair Pirates?
Yasopp? That's my old man's name.
Y-You've met my dad before?!
Then you are his son...
Papa?
I've never once told a soul
what happened on that day,
but I'll make an exception.
It happened at a hot,
dry port town, much like this one.
Let's do it, Ensign Masterson!
We each get one shot!
One! Two! Three!
Kill me! Now that I've lost a duel,
I have no reason to live...
What are you doing?
Your daughter?
Give it back...
An ensign in the Marines, carefully
treasuring something like this...
You must really spoil her.
Don't lecture me, you filthy pirate!
Fine by me!
You were great, Yasopp!
It was nothing.
This wound really shows
off my inexperience.
But you took on Daddy Masterson!
You won because you're you!
Yeah, we never would've
stood a chance...
Thanks, Boss!
I appreciate you watching
the duel without saying a thing.
That's the stuff!
You want some, Ensign?
Family, huh?
Family's not so bad.
But I'm no good at it.
Huh?
I've got a son of my own.
His name's Usopp.
Haven't seen him in years now.
I hit the high seas around
the time he was a toddler.
Why? Do you not love your son?
It wasn't about that.
It was about the flag...
I heard the call of the Jolly Roger.
You tell 'im, Yasopp!
Now, then...
There's nothing I can do for my son.
Even one hopeless parent
like me is one too many.
Always stay by your daughter's side.
You can't let her feel lonely.
Though I'm in no position to talk!
I lost our duel! Yasopp! Finish me!
Don't give me your lousy pity!
Forget it!
You Marines might hang us by
our necks the moment you catch us,
but we pirates are free to kill
or spare who we please!
So long!
Papa! You lost to a pirate,
and he spared your life?!
But that's amazing!
Your dad must be really skilled!
Usopp?
Would you normally...?
Would you normally tell
some pathetic boy like me...
a shameless story about
having your life spared?!
You told me that to give me courage!
Most people would be too
ashamed to tell a story like that,
but you told me even though
you'd become way less cool!
Regardless of how brave you
showed my old man to be. Right?!
No weakling or coward
could do what you just did!
Carol! Your dad is
the bravest man alive!
You can find strong guys anywhere!
But I've never seen a man as
strong and kind as your dad before!
I... I can't throw in the towel! I gotta
be brave, or I'll shame your dad!
Daddy! Give me a chance!
Face me in another life-or-death duel!
I won't cheat this time!
All right. This will be
our real showdown.
Choose the weapon you're
most comfortable with.
Good. Now, then. Let's see...
Try and hit that weather vane.
That weather vane? Over there?!
Miss it, and...
Y-Yeah! You can shoot
me right through the heart!
Usopp!
My life is on the
line for real this time!
There's...
There's no way he can shoot
that far with that thing...
You missed!
No, Papa! Don't shoot him! Papa!
I can't shoot him. Usopp shot
right through its crown!
H-He really did!
Right through the crown!
Usopp!
You're an excellent shot.
I'd expect no less of Yasopp's son.
Never forget that bravery.
You'll be just like your
old man someday!
Go to the Grand Line.
I'm certain Yasopp is there.
Daddy...
You're pretty good, old man!
Aren't these...?
It's okay! See ya!
Papa!
Carol, you should know better.
It's bad manners to say, "See ya!"
Right! Sorry, Papa!
I'm going to grow up to be a proper
lady worthy of being your daughter!
So will you forgive me?
You're already about as
proper as they come!
I'll be even more proper!
Even if people consider him a disgrace,
he's only ever fought to
protect the one he loves.
I'm going to be
a brave man like Daddy!
I'm gonna become a real warrior
and stand before my dad someday!
I know it!
You?!
That's quite the warm weclome...
and I'm a regular, too.
I'm not the one you
should be angry with.
I only come here as a loyal customer.
It's the pirates' fault that
they're all cowards these days.
You had a customer? That's rare.
I'd like some rum.
There's no booze here for you!
Don't be so cold-hearted.
Today's a special day.
Wouldn't you agree?
That's the stuff...
I can still see it like it was yesterday...
How Roger looked at the very end...
It was a humid afternoon,
just like today...
Hands shackled, he was led down
the main street toward the plaza
where the execution platform stood.
Yet, he marched down it
like a triumphant general.
Wealth, fame, power...
Gold Roger obtained everything
the world had to offer.
Even though he was
walking toward death,
he was the embodiment
of a pride-filled king...
Inherited will...
the tides of time,
and humanity's dreams...
As long as people seek freedom,
these things will never cease to be.
Do you have any last words?!
Do you mind removing these?
They itch like you wouldn't believe.
I can't do that!
You think I would run?
Guess I'm on my own.
All right, let's get this over with.
Hey, Pirate King!
Where did you hide
all the treasure you found?!
Is it in the Grand Line?!
You found it, didn't you?!
That legendary treasure!
Shut up, you!
That great treasure!
The One Piece!
My treasure?
Who said you could speak?!
It's yours, if you can find it!
Everything is right where I left it!
Execute!
That's how it all began...
Hey!
A new wanted poster!
Put it up somewhere noticeable!
C-Captain Smoker!
Pardon the intrusion, sir!
U-Umm...
That straw hat...
It was Monkey D. Luffy!
There it is...
The place where the
greatest pirate in history died...
The place where it all began...